YouTube, it's Chris. Welcome back to the
channel. In this video, I'll show you
guys how to get the highest frames and
lowest latency out of RedSte with your
PC. The answer is I've already done the
video, guys. Nothing has changed. Um,
this is kind of like when I uh have done
Call of Duty configs and people would
come to me and go, "Can you please do a
config for War Zone?" It's the same
engine, guys. Nothing has changed. So,
go check out this video. Covers
everything. If you don't want to check
out the video, that's cool. The config
is on GitHub. If you've got any
questions about the config, go watch the
video. It's literally all there. The
only thing that's changed if you guys
have a high-end PC and you want to get
over 300 FPS. Like I said, I've covered
it in the video. Before, you could
delete one of these files to get over
300 FPS cuz they haven't capped it yet.
At the moment, Reflex is capping the 300
FPS. All you need to do now is just
delete this file here. Personally, I
like to delete all the Reflex files and
the frame gen files. That's how I run
it. These are the files that get deleted
from the game folder here. If the game
updates, generally speaking, you need to
go and delete it again. high-end systems
on Nvidia cards are getting more frames
with hags off even still after this
patch. I'm getting about 40 more frames
with hags off. Like I said in the video
previously, this is something that you
need to test on your own system. If it
looks like I've updated the config on
GitHub, I kind of have, but it's nothing
special. They added one line to the
config, so I've just added that just in
case. There's nothing else to discuss.
It's the same engine. It's the same
config, just like Call of Duty. Enjoy,
guys. I'll see you in the next one.
Fight.